Question: What is the difference between Docker Vs VirtualMachine?
Answer: Earlier we said Docker is a virtualization tool just like virtual machine. And virtual machine has been around
for quite long time so why did docker become so popular?

Why is Docker so widely used?
What advantages it have over Virtual Machines?
What is the difference?

Let's first understand that How an OS is made up?
-> Any Operating System have 2 main layers
1st is OS Kernel and
2nd is OS Applications Layer.

* Kernel is the core of every operating system.
* Kernel interacts between hardware & software component.

Kernel:- is a part that communicate with hardware component like CPU, memory, Storage etc. So when you have physical
machine with all these resources and when you install OS on that physical machine the kernel of the OS will actually
will be the one who talking to the hardware component and allocate resources like CPU, Memory and storage etc to the
applications then running on that operating system and those applications are the part of the applications layers and
they run on top of the kernel layer. So kernel is kind of middleman between the applications that you see when you interact
with your computer and the underlined hardware of your computer.

Now Docker and virtual machine both are virtualization tools and now the question is which part of the OS actually they
virtualize? And that's where the main difference between docker and virtual machines actually lie.
So, Docker virtualize the "applications layer" --> This means when you run a docker container it actually contains the
applications layer of the OS and some other applications installed on top of that application layer and this could be
JRE or python etc and it uses the kernel of the host because it does not have its own kernel.

The virtual machine on other hand has the applications layer and its own kernel. So, it virtualizes the complete OS.
which means that when you download the virtual machine image on your host it does not use the host kernel, It actually
puts up its own. So, this is what the difference between Docker and Virtual Machine.

The size of the docker packages or images are much smaller because they just have to implement one layer of the OS.
So, docker images are usually a couple of megabytes large and virtual machine images on the other hand can be a couple
of gigabytes and this means when working with docker you actually save a lot of disk space. You can run and start docker
containers much faster than virtual machines because virtual machine has to put up a kernel everytime it starts while
docker container just reuses the host kernel and you just start the application layer on top of it. so while virtual
machine needs couple of minute to start up docker containers usually startup in few milliseconds.

The third difference is compatibility so you can run virtual image of any OS on any other OS host so on window machine
you can run linux virtual machine but you can not do that with docker at least directly. So what is the problem here?
Lets say you have window OS with window kernel and its application layers and you wants to run linux based docker image
directly on that windows host, the problem here is that linux based docker image cannot use the window kernel
it would not need a linux kernel to run because you can run a linux application on a windows kernel. So, that's kind of
of an issue with docker however when you are developing on windows or mac os you want to run various services because
most containers for the popular services are actually linux based. Also interesting to know that docker was originally
written and built for linux but later docker actually made and update and developed what's called Docker desktop for
windows and mac which made it possible to run linux based containers on windows and mac computers as well. So the way it
works is that docker desktop uses a hypervisor layer with lightweight linux distribution on top of it to provide the
needed linux kernel and this way make running linux based containers possible on windows and mac OS.

So, this means for local development as an engineer you would install Docker Desktop on your windows OR Mac OS computer
to run Linux based images which as I mentioned most of the popular services databases etc are mostly linux based.

In one line differences between Docker and Virtual Machine:

1) Docker uses virtualization at Application layers and it uses host machine OS kernel. While
   Virtual machine uses virtualization at "Applications" and "OS Kernel" Layers, It does not use host machine OS kernel.

2) Size: Docker images are much smaller than virtual machine images.
3) Speed: Docker containers start and run much fast because they puts the OS kernel and run application top of it.
4) Compatibility: Virtual machine of any OS can run on any OS host. But Linux based docker image might not be compatible
   for window based kernel.












